yoyogi park shibuya tokyo the original
home of the japanese be bored from the
early games each weekend cruise rocked
it in front of crowds hungry for
excitement that excitement laid the
foundation for japanese jump in 2004 red
bull bc one the world's most prestigious
be more even he kicked off in Europe
taking b-boying back to the origins of
the one on one battle every year since
the
bboy you need the burden on the moon
city to doddle for the title abbr red
bull bc one champion 2010 and its
seventh year and for the first time in
Asia red bull bc one comes to Tokyo
the competition this year one of the
strongest down
16 rick battle it out get a one-on-one
knockout competition and he is holy one
will take the crown